Allow STOP_SENDING with CLOSE_WEBTRANSPORT_SESSION (#99)
ietf-wg-webtrans/draft-ietf-webtrans-http3: draft-ietf-webtrans-http3.md

  connection.  The message takes up the remainer of the capsule, and its
  length MUST NOT exceed 1024 bytes.

> An enpoint that sends a CLOSE_WEBTRANSPORT_SESSION capsule MUST immediately send

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An endpoint that sends a CLOSE_WEBTRANSPORT_SESSION capsule MUST immediately send
```

a FIN.  The endpoint MAY send a STOP_SENDING to indicate it is no longer reading

> from the CONNECT stream.  The recipient MUST close the stream upon receiving a
> FIN.  If any additional stream data is received on the CONNECT stream after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the CONNECT stream.  The recipient MUST terminate the session upon receiving a
FIN.  (what victor said about what terminating entails.) If any additional stream data is received on the CONNECT stream after
```
